Hi everyone.
My name is Jesper de Jong, and welcome to my course,
Working with XML in Java Using JAXB.
I'm an independent software developer,
and I have a lot of experience with designing and building
enterprise software systems in Java.
XML is a very widely used data format, and as a Java developer,
you'll definitely need to know how to work with XML in Java.
Java has extensive support for working with XML and JAXB.
The Java architecture for XML binding is Java standard high-level API,
which bridges the gap between XML and the object-oriented Java world.
This course is for all Java developers who want to expand
their knowledge of working with XML in Java.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover include
converting XML to Java objects and vice versa,
using JAXB annotations and bindings files,
the code-first and the schema-first approach to working with JAXB,
integrating JAXB into your build process,
and using JAXB for JAX-WS webservices.
By the end of this course,
you'll have a solid understanding of how to work with XML
using JAXB and the underlying concepts.
Before beginning the course,
you should be familiar with the Java programming language
and have a basic understanding of XML.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn JAXB with the
Working with XML in Java Using JAXB course, at Pluralsight.